[ADD] account_bank_statement_import_online_ponto (#279)
OCA/bank-statement-import: account_bank_statement_import_online_ponto/README.rst

.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/bank-statement-import-12-0/bank-statement-import-12-0-account_bank_statement_import_online_ponto
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/174/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module provides online bank statements from MyPonto.com.
MyPonto

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure online bank statements provider:

#. Go to *Invoicing > Configuration > Bank Accounts*
#. Open bank account to configure and edit it
#. Set *Bank Feeds* to *Online*
#. Select *MyPonto.com* as online bank statements provider in
   *Online Bank Statements (OCA)* section
#. Save the bank account
#. Click on provider and configure provider-specific settings.

or, alternatively:

#. Go to *Invoicing > Overview*
#. Open settings of the corresponding journal account
#. Switch to *Bank Account* tab
#. Set *Bank Feeds* to *Online*

> #. Select *Qonto.eu* as online bank statements provider in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select *MyPonto.com* as online bank statements provider in
```
